you won't be blind and backwards into
this mess kid who the hell was that
gesture back there so you're all part of
some Daffy religion but it does not
command us to act or submit oh do tell
I'd love to hear it everything is
permitted I like the sound of that
thinking what I like an acting Li please
that's a door I reckon I like a capstan
those blocks up
so it's you love that Templars have been
chasing them so you came along to look
things up it was all chasing them we had
them running scared they have your pan
the doors mechanism seems to be broke
let's find another way around
you're still drawing breath enough to
curse you with kid
must be a great treasure beyond whatever
is waiting at the end of this path had
better be women how's that well I'm
taking you to see me spin your head
right round I can handle myself
Oh
as this hit that the grand prize will
men go off to be the teeth looks nothing
like the man they called the phage
picked his car from the floor as well
lot of a seems there's a correspondence
there the one
I one group is predators the other is
prey which predator goes with which prey
that's the question right
there's your correspondence
that's a predator with its brain
I'm drop those stores
let me onto you will you
Jesus that's him the sage but this thing
must be hundreds of years old older
still you certain it's him
by the eyes that mark him did the
Templars say why they wanted this sage
they drew some of his blood into this
small glass cube like this one I they
meant to ask him about the observatory
too but he escaped huh for finish dear